# Supervised-Learning-Project
This is classification project on the E. coli dataset. The primary goal of this project is to build an accurate classification model for future predictions on the unseen data. The project has been divided into mutiple stages. The first stage is preprocssing stage. In the preprocessing stage, I applied different techniques, for instnace, imputations, normalations, and noisy data removal(outlier detection).There are a lot of preprocessing techniques out there, for instance, data encoding, dimensionality reduction and etc. But I will leave these techniques for future development. The second stage is the training stage. In the training stage, I picked various classification algorithms, for instance, decision tree, KNN and more to train the model. I also trained the model with the ensemble learning technique after the basic classification algorithms are trained.Ensemble learning technique gathered different algorithms together and use majority voting to predict the outcome, which may strengthen the model's performance. Also, I used cross validation in the training stage to avoid overfitting, so the model will perform well on both seen and unseen data. The third stage is model evaluation. In the model evaluation stage, I need to pick the right metric to evaluate the trained models. There are many metrics out there, for instnace, F1, precision,recall, and accuracy. Sometimes, the metric we choose depends on the structures and the properties of the dataset, for instance, is the dataset imbalanced? Model evaluation stage is a stage to decide the performance of the trained model which can help us differentiate the performance between the models so I can perform adjustments, for instance hyperparameters tuning. This classification project is implemented by the scikit-learn library in Python.
